feat: added pathpoint documentation (#12027)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/business-observability/touchpoints.mdx

  alt="Touchpoint test validated"
  src={testValidated}
/>

In this example, it says **Successfully validated**, meaning that your touchpoint is healthy.

</Step>

If the validation fails, find out why, and fix it, then test it again until you get the **Successfully validated** message.

<Callout variant="important">

When testing a touchpoint, if you get an "Incorrect validated" error, it might be something as simple as because you running the Query on the wrong AccountID. Check to verify that you're running the Query on your AccountID.

<img
  title="Incorrect validated test because of wrong AccountID"
  alt="Incorrect validated test because of wrong AccountID"
  src={incorrectValidated}
/>

</Callout>

</Steps>

### Tune touchpoint thresholds

One way to get better data from your touchpoints is to tweak their Tuning configuration. It is important to note that the initial values you see during the tuning process are defined by the JSON file uploaded to your Pathpoint. However, it is possible to manually adjust these values later as well.

To tune a touchpoint:

<Steps>

<Step>

Select a touchpoint to test. Right click on it and select **Tune**.

> <img

Reviewer: Since we have two screenshots so close together, maybe we could just show the **Tune** dialog box.

  title="Tune touchpoint"
  alt="Tune touchpoint"
  src={tuneTouchpoint}
/>

It opens a dialogue box window showing the threshold values for the selected touchpoint.

> <img

Reviewer: I'd remove this screenshot, since we're showing the same screen in the next step.

  title="Touchpoint min & max thresholds"
  alt="Touchpoint min & max threshold"
  src={threshold}
/>

</Step>

<Step>

Enter new **Min** and **Max** threshold values and click **Save/Update**.

<img
  title="Update touchpoint thresholds"
  alt="Update touchpoint thresholds"
  src={newThreshold}
/>

</Step>

Your touchpoint is now tuned with new threshold values.

</Steps>

### Run touchpoint queries

Touchpoint queries are written in NRQL which is New Relic's SQL-like query language.
NRQL enables you to retrieve detailed New Relic data and gain insights into your applications, hosts, and business-critical activities.
Although touchpoint queries are programmed using the JSON file uploaded to your Pathpoint, you can also manually modify them, as long as you don't change the main query variable that the touchpoint is looking to get.

To run a touchpoint query:

<Steps>

<Step>

> Right click on the particular touchpoint you want to work with and select **Queries**.

Reviewer: I'd add the breadcrumb to get to this screen.

<img
  title="Example touchpoint query"
  alt="Example touchpoint query"
  src={exampleTouchpoint}
/>

> It opens a dialogue box window.

Reviewer: I'd remove this and add it to the next step.

</Step>

<Step>

> Here, you see the NRQL query associated with the touchpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the dialog box, you see the NRQL query associated with the touchpoint.
```

<img
  title="Touchpoint query"
  alt="Touchpoint query"
  src={nrqlQuery}
/>

</Step>

Now, you can modify the query to get different results from the selected touchpoint.

</Steps>

### Turn off touchpoint

If you need to work on or troubleshoot a specific touchpoint in Pathpoint, you can easily disable it manually. Once you have resolved any issues, you can then reactivate the touchpoint to resume monitoring. 

To turn off a touchpoint:

<Steps>

<Step>

> Select a touchpoint to turn off. Right click on it to open a pop-up window with options.

Reviewer: I'd add the breadcrumb to get to the screen.

</Step>

<Step>

Click on the **On** symbol to turn off the touchpoint.

<img
  title="Turn off touchpoint"
  alt="turn off touchpoint"
  src={turnOffTouchpoint}
/>

</Step>

> Touchpoint is now off. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The touchpoint is now off. 
```
